Win 10 installation notes (#3)
DGtal-team/DGtal-Tutorials-DGMM2022: windowsDGtalInstall.md

# Installation of Dgtal on Windows

> These main steps are based on Visual Studio 2022, and the overall demarch is to generate first a **.sln** project from *cmake* command line and then open and build the project unde VS 2022. These steps were tested on Windows 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These main steps are based on Visual Studio 2022, and the overall workflow is to generate first a **.sln** project from *cmake* command line and then open and build the project under VS 2022. These steps were tested on Windows 10.
```
